# KENO Like Game Platform Using Node.js

The system provides two pages with different functionalities the KENO multiplayer game and a KENO probability table. The KENO multiplayer game is a lottery gambling platform that generates 20 random numbers and demonstrate them in a table. Users interact with it by selecting numbers from 1 up to 12 and bet an amount of money. The KENO multiplayer game divides to two states the Next Draw and Waiting for Results. There is a certain amount of time for each state. When Next Draw countdown timer is active, users are allowing to bet and when the Waiting for Results countdown timer is active, is disabling the allowance to bet. Also, each of those timers when they finish are firing the algorithms for calculating the reward, generate the KENO numbers and clearing the table of the previous draw. The reward for each player depends on the amount of money, the game type (“how many numbers they have selected”) and the number of successes. The algorithm that calculates the reward is also calculates the sum of all players rewards. With the total reward been calculated we can manage and produce some ‘random’ numbers that gives 20% money back or less of the total money in the deposit. The second page is the KENO probability table which provides a probability of a list of numbers that have been selected by the user. The users again can select from 1 up to 12 numbers. Those numbers are passing into the server which is runs the algorithms that calculate the probability. Server is reading a file where a year of real keno games history is stored and then is calculating how many times those numbers have been found in those games. Finally provides the results in a table, which are the total games, the related games and the probability of the selected numbers.
To develop the structure and design of the web pages I had used HTML and W3/CSS. To accomplish the functionality requirements, platform has been developed under Node, Express and socket.io frameworks, which are responsible for server, requests and responses, transferring data between server and client. All function implementations have been written in JQuery on both sides’ server and client.
